In previous cases, I told you we already created this part.
So we created one data service client to request and bring the response for this purpose.
So.
If you know these all the things are currently not mentioned here.
Let me do one thing.
Let me.
Coming down this part because I'm not using this currently.
And.
Adrian, Do1Thing, let me bring location sticks because I'm using that location sticks you.
As you know.
Is there any error?
No, not currently nutritional.
So little what I'm going to do is since June.
Not old, not wrinkled in.
Location states.
Our location straight.
So that's it.
And what I'm going to do.
Let me.
Then court records application.
You can run from here on somewhere.
I'm going in here.
And this is over, I mean, could do it in.
So currently, it's running out of metal.
It me chicken can build.
Yeah, it's running and it will be in the open for us.
OK.
You can see the Java compiler using everything.
And let me check.
What is going to bring to you?
This started.
So as you can see, these are location statistics.
It is giving basically.
We replication each and every team.
These are all things after some time and will run it again, and it will start to switch.
You know, what I'm going to do is I'm going to comment on this because.
I'm not going to print and or cancel.
I just want to create one another thing here.
Well, we didn't say the models, they already created locations that application.
So let me create one.
Private training for students, because.
I'm using as a state then.
I would string country let me on to lead us to.
Use this again.
Country for the country, what was then went on under integer for 210 cases and under four leaders total
cases.
I'm just using this.
So we are done with this now.
Let me check.
Some instructor, so you can say these are the methods here, you can use your I want to get around
certain methods, which is basically good and each generally do.
I will use everything you.
OK, so at least for me, it's already created, as you can see, good student and third segment of
the country can all the methods I've mentioned here.
So what I'm going to.
I'm going to.
I just come into this party first.
But now I can use this part.
Well, as you can see, we are using these methods and we are using these methods to get country, said
country, all the methods we are mentioned here.
So let us take what we are missing here.
The basic method is missing.
We are missing the string material.
So let me create one booster to bring it to you or your insert to get to string the third.
So, OK.
As you can see, these are the all things I already created.
And no, I'm doing this.
It is already painting me this on the radar.
Then this are in the mornings.
Let me go to the package.
Well.
This is inside the more location stats.
It continues materialism and frontier and all the things, I don't know.
Loading.
So this is all about the location starts and everything.
But no, the thing we are missing here is.
We need to create one controller why we needed the controller to control our air as a web application
or.
Let me keep this.
As it is.
And let me create one object.
Inside the.
What it injuries and what is done with this service is done, OK?
Create one.
Another class, basically, I'm going to create here.
Which is basically controlled.
So let me open one controller and why we need a controller, as I already told you, the initial thing
of controllers is going to maintain our controlling part of whom I'm going to create the only home failure.
I'm not wishing you ill.
What are we going to say?
All the things.
I just needed to know home controller because we are going to create one home controller on.
I will look at us.
So I created this.
Let me tell you, what is this team's first location statistics?
Well, let me minimization and let me just load this, OK, so this is the audience and mentioned mortgage
as a package location, state country.
They're distributed in this case is different from previous debates.
Difference between the previous day and next day.
Good statements are to get that mental state for this great country.
So we'll start to bring that state get control for getting that.
So we are not currently losing this.
We're going to use it in Hong Kong to let people that remember we are using this.
Get latest latest news, all the things we have to mention here.
So let us see why the home controller is needed.
As this is, I'm deploying.
I know what we can say on live web.
We need to create a web application, but we are mentioning only in this part, so we need to.
Cleared one home controller app to control each and everything, so let me create one.
Thing here, which is basically and it.
Controlling part, so let me download first and.
Let me add one thing here.
Spring framework.
Six.
Invested in this thing.
And the red.
Controller.
So it will exhume the all controlling part.
As you can see, disease controlled.
And as we learn the studio stereotype eugenics, everything, so this can be controlled to a baby.
So what is the thing I'm going to use it for?
I'm going to try at least and everything to deploy it.
Not.
But before proceeding with will, we need to mention what is going to it is going to use.
So.
Auto wire, I'm using auto.
Let me tell you, or I'm going to mention through on this call now it does data services so it can copy
this first.
Well, tonight as data services, because it is mentioned as a service, I can use this as a service.
Which is basically diplomatic for me.
So let me I'll take that.
So it will attract me to this.
And as I mentioned, we can use this as a service, and it will be lauded throughout this part.
So this is it how we are going to do, but we have mentioned some things here like packages each and.
So before this, let me create one.
What we can see model or we can see.
Public.
Extreme.
A string.
Blistering form.
Moral authority.
I mentioned module, but I know not than.
Let me also introduce it, will accept this model, UN, which is basically spring framework.
Let me add your morning.
So this is going to create one model here.
On that part.
So if you know, I already created this list.
With what is the name of all that?
Let me check first, which is basically location steps.
OK.
This only I needed.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to create a controller here.
I'm currently creating a controller.
Before this.
I need to mention all stats, each and every expect, because as I mentioned earlier, this is all started
only on states.
And what is the name basic needs on stacks only on Stax is capital.
I'm.
OK.
All states.
On that, we don't know how it is due to services.
Don't get on specs.
That's what I'm into.
So let me when you pretended so it will.
I accept that everything.
So this is all I created.
No, I need to create a map, and you and everything went before the map I need to create one is.
And did it get moving?
So when I needed a good mapping because this is not mapped already, I need to map it.
And before the all the things on a map.
OK.
The new strategic plan would.
Between doing so, it will do it is this new for getting the mapping each and everything here?
So this is about how I'm going to do this, but before this, you have to mention eugenics, everything
here.
So as you can see, you can it here open and you can check.
So my local plant and my boat is activity, so I can run this and this is the EPA indoor or get climate
onshore.
Let me close this for because I haven't mentioned yet.
So likewise, you can check your strategic plan meter so you can choose any year.
Let me do one thing.
Let me delete this part.
OK, so this is all about how we're going to create a strategic client.
So I'm going to control this part all over the web application and the further things I'm going to show
you how I'm going to place that.
So I'm just getting the all stacks.
But what we do is I'm going to explain you.
I'm going to create one actual file to display all the imaging team live in.
Basically, during that year, I'm not mentioning it and it's putting authentication part on, etcetera.
This is just a spring boot application.
Anyone can use this to check the COVID data on a daily basis, and I am telling you this is their daily
basis because of this.
So it will be updated every month over.
Or we can say first over of that, which is basically one a.m. in the morning when this issue is updated.
Well, why I'm mentioning this is very this what we consider not very useful to part of our thinking
because when you go to this link, you can check it's updated every 26 minutes or 30 30 minutes.
So identically I have to use this at once again, sort of one minute thing I would consider for the
listing application, I can put in checks of one aim of every day.
So if you want to create more efficient, you can change this part.
And this is a very useful thing.
It is not achieving under the present obstruction, as I told you, because I'm not mentioning any obstruction
class or anything, but I'm using packages and packages concept to develop this all.
And it's synchronous.
As I told you, by developing spring application, you can move it or not.
But I'm going with asynchronous method.
As I told you, I created this FAQ.
So this is very synchronous motor and for the part I'm going to get home controller part and in template
part also, or I'm going to mention the templates, which is basically home template.
You can check the application properties each anybody can hear, and currently this is done.
Anomalous Data Services, Sydney, your service is basically going to face the data.
OK.
Well, tonight, as we said, was you going to face the data models for what we can see modelling the
data we can see we can.
We are going to create your methodology to display that.
So I haven't created these methods directly.
What I did is this I insert in your team and you can generate what you would get to set to your director.
Remote methods equals our hash for boosting the terms.
So this is all about how we are going to do.
You can use your copyright methods to turn everything you so overestimate them.
So no need to worry about this part of what created this.
This little system default on integrity.
I will take it off creating all the things and do the system given no need to worry about.
It's going to create it will detect your thing and it will print your data.
So hope you understand this part.
In the next part, I'm going to mention the home controller and each and.